Hassan is making bread the fire lit in
his tiny tent by the
Sea these tents offer no safety and
there is no
sanitation some bags of the flower Aid
these people have managed to save Lie by
a stream of
sewage this isn't a life wherever we go
the Israelis are raining bombs and
shells on our heads we're living in the
open sleeping on
sewage these extreme congestions are
putting immense pressure on parents
trying to take care of their
children this bottle of clean water was
given to me by a kind person for my son
who has kidney problems you tell me what
to do I have nothing we are homeless and
starving to death this is all I have and
this bag of zat spice is all I have to
feed my children
hundreds of Palestinian families have
been forced to move around Gaza every
day trying to
survive many have come here from Rafa
and found they could only settle in
cemeteries like Ferris and his seven
children smiling for our
camera it's very difficult our life is
nothing but fear suffering and pain we
woke up this morning to intense shelling
and gunfire getting killed is far better
than this ruined
life these shelters offer little to no
protection a hole in the wall as an
entrance another as a window with a view
of the tum Stones everywhere there is
ongoing indiscriminate bumming and
Palestinians here say that even not the
dead can rest in Gaza t abum Al jazer
Dar balah
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from
alzer